hi everybody so I'm going to be doing a
dub cannon inspired makeup tutorial for
you all since this was requested so
let's begin
firstly I'm going to be using at my
L'Oreal blur magic primer to give the
floor space and also to make the makeup
last longer
now since stuff has flawless porcelain
skin I'm going to be using my seventeen
on the spot foundation which gives the
satin flawless finish and I'm just gonna
buff that in with my dental foundation
brush
and unlike me dove has very very light
under eyes so I'm going to be using my
Maybelline instant age rewind concealer
with sponge on the tip and I'm going to
be blending that in with my normal
foundation brush next I'll be using my
Maybelline Color tattoo in pink gold and
from observing her to put eye makeup she
has the neutral colors with other Pink's
so this color tattoo is payment enough
to do exactly that and then with my wet
n wild palette petal pusher and we'll be
taking the brow bone color and I'm going
to be using that as a wash all over my
lid but mostly focusing on the inner
corners to brighten up the look and for
my wet white trio I am going to be
taking the crease color but not so much
blending into the crease but just
blending it on the actual eyelids so the
pink peeks through and this kind of
gives a softer look
like I said Duff does not wear heavy
makeup so I'm going to ski tight lining
my eyes with a black eyeliner just from
primark which is actually pretty good
and then also just a brighten up the
eyes overall I'm gonna be using my white
eyeliner and lining my waterline as well
as brightening the inner corners of my
eyes and of course I'm gonna be curling
my lashes and she has it very very long
thin lashes I'm gonna be using this
technique that I like to use a lot using
a Kim stark and a regular mascara so I'm
gonna be taking my anyway clear mascara
and what this does is just separates and
lengthens the lashes and also provides a
kind of like a primer base so your next
mascara that you'll use and the next
Ascar i'm using is the covergirl
LashBlast waterproof next I'm gonna be
taking my essence silky touch blush in
leister cherry and this is a very
beautiful rose color brush with a coral
tint which is what dub tends to go for
so let me find on samples of my cheeks
elongating my face with my blush brush
and then she tends to go for rosy core
lips as well and I'm gonna taking my NYX
soft matte lip cream in Antwerp and this
is very very pigmented so it's gonna get
the full coverage and lasts all day and
that is the finished fresh makeup look
inspired by dove Cameron and I do with
my hair makeup from so has a touch of
pink but it's still natural and wearable
everyday I hope you guys enjoyed and
I'll see you man
yes